{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;\red46\green111\blue253;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red199\green141\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HOW TO UPDATE FLOORPLANS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
All space names, URLs, and descriptions are located in the document \cf2 floorplans.html\cf0 .\
\
URLs and names are located in two sections of the html document. Items must be changed in both of the following sections.\
\
Locate 
\b text sections
\b0 , labeled \cf3 <section id=\'93text\'94>\cf0  (and also commented with \cf4 <!\'97TEXT\'97>\cf0 ). There are four, one for each floor. Within each text section is an unordered list \cf3 <ul>\cf0  with every space name and corresponding URL. Names in each list item \cf3 <li>\cf0  can be changed. URLs can be updated simply by replacing the URL in the \cf5 href\cf0  attribute. \'a0\
\
Next, space names, URLs, and descriptions are located in the 
\b map definitions
\b0  at the bottom of the HTML document. This section is marked off with a \cf4 <!\'97MAP DEFINITIONS\'97>\cf0  comment. There are four maps for each of the four floors. Each image \cf3 map\cf0  is divided by \cf3 areas\cf0 , and each area corresponds to a different space. The names and descriptions of each space are contained in a span tag \cf3 <span>\cf0  within each area. Again, URLs can be changed by replacing the link in the \cf5 href\cf0  attribute.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
For example, to change the name and URL for Groundworks, find the Groundworks list item in the text section of FLOOR 1, and update its name and href attribute. Then, scroll down to the map definitions, find the map for FLOOR 1, and locate its area. Change the URL in the area href attribute, and its name and description in the span tag.\
}